= davenport

home  :: https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport-ruby
code  :: https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport-ruby
rdoc  :: FIX (url)
bugs  :: https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport-ruby/issues
C-lib :: https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport

== DESCRIPTION:

A ranking is a partial order that, given some set of alternatives, places
some before others.
A preference graph, given some number of rankings, expresses the combination
of all of those rankings. It is a directed, weighted graph in which the
nodes represent the alternatives and the edges represent preferences.

Use this to build a preference graph from individual rankings and compute
a Kemeny order, aggregated preference that minimizes the number of
pair-wise disagreements with the individual rankings.

This is a Ruby binding built around a C language implementation of
Davenport's algorithm, found on github at
{wbreeze/davenport}[https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport]

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

This is a work in progress.

== SYNOPSIS:

    pg = PreferenceGraph.new(4)
    pg.add_preference([1, 3, 2, 4]);
    pg.add_preference([1, [3, 2], 4]);
    pg.add_preference([2, 1, 3, 4]);
    pg.add_preference([1, 3, 2, 4]);
    pg.davenport
    => [1, 3, 2, 4]

== REQUIREMENTS:

See .ruby-version for development version.

== INSTALL:

    gem install davenport

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== LICENSE:

GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPL-3.0)

See the file,
{LICENSE}[https://github.com/wbreeze/davenport-ruby/blob/master/LICENSE]
for the full text.

Copyright (c) 2019 Douglas Lovell
